Add lp-ocp-compat-cr-onboarding agent skill (#45)
CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs: docs/OCP_CI_Tutorials/Scenario_Development/Scenario_Development_Guide.md

Each scenario should have at least one container image to execute the tests within the test repository. Please follow the [Container Creation Guide](../Containers/Container_Creation_Guide.md) for help. Please keep in mind, the `Dockerfile` for this image should live inside the test repository. Please see the [MTR scenario's Dockerfile](https://github.com/windup/windup-ui-tests/blob/main/dockerfiles/interop/Dockerfile) as an example.

#### Make a Job CR-Compliant

> To make a job Component Readiness (CR)-compliant, ensure the following in your scenario configuration and test output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a job Component Readiness (CR)-compliant, you must standardize your configuration and JUnit output so the data can be ingested by Sippy and mapped to specific Jira components. Follow these requirements for your scenario and test scripts:
```

##### References

> - Current CR view (`OCP 4.22`): [4.22-LP-Interop](https://sippy.dptools.openshift.org/sippy-ng/component_readiness/main?view=4.22-LP-Interop)

Reviewer: Will the link be available after version change? Just making sure that we dont have to maintain/update this document with each release

Author: Addressed

> - Example config: [RedHatQE-interop-testing-master__cnv-odf-ocp-4.21-lp-interop-cr.yaml](https://github.com/openshift/release/blob/main/ci-operator/config/RedHatQE/interop-testing/RedHatQE-interop-testing-master__cnv-odf-ocp-4.21-lp-interop-cr.yaml)

Reviewer: Same here, maybe give a link to parent job config folder, for less updates to this documents

Author: Ditto

- Step-registry workflow: [`Firewatch-ipi-aws-cr`](https://github.com/openshift/release/tree/main/ci-operator/step-registry/firewatch/ipi/aws/cr)
- Step-registry data router: [`mpiit/data-router-reporter`](https://github.com/openshift/release/tree/main/ci-operator/step-registry/mpiit/data-router-reporter)

##### Job Configuration

1. **Name conventions**
   - Use `-ocp-<release>` in the filename and job variant (instead of `-ocp4.2x`).

>    - Include `-cr` in the periodic naming. The periodic job name must contain the `-lp-interop-cr` substring, using the following pattern: `<product>-ocp-4.21-lp-interop-cr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Include `-cr` in the periodic naming. The periodic job name must contain the `-lp-interop-cr` substring, using the following pattern: `<product>-<ocp-release>-lp-interop-cr`.
```

2. **Set release environment**
   - Set `OCP_VERSION` to the correct release value.

3. **Increase data sampling**

>    - Schedule the job to run twice a day with `cron: 0 3,15 * * *`.

Reviewer: maybe add a small note explaining that: this 2x daily cadence is required to satisfy Sippy’s statistical confidence intervals.

4. **Use the `Firewatch-ipi-aws-cr` workflow**
   - This is currently compliant only for regular AWS IPI jobs already migrated to CR.
   - The workflow adds the `mpiit-data-router-reporter` post step and sets `REPORT_TO_DR=true` by default.

5. **Enable test mapping**
   - Set `MAP_TESTS` to `true` in the config ref.
   - Set `REPORTPORTAL_CMP` to the correct `lp-interop-<lp-product>` value, for example `lp-interop-MyProduct`.

##### Map the Junit tests output

> This setion guides how to modify a test container commands files in `Openshift-Ci/step-registry`, so tests are reported under a mapped suite identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section .. .....
```

Reviewer: Also some revision
```suggestion
This section explains how to modify test command files in `openshift-ci/step-registry` so that results are reported under a stable, mapped suite identifier.
```

Let’s examine the CNV use case. 

> The tests are sitting under a test suite named pytests:

Reviewer: Maybe add problem and solution structure like below
 
**The Problem: Generic Suite Names**

Using the **CNV (Container Native Virtualization)** use case as an example, tests are often executed under a generic suite name like pytest:

XML Block

**Why generic naming is problematic:**

**Lack of Context**: Names like pytest or ginkgo are too common across different products, making cross-product reporting impossible.

**Fragility**: Mapping tests by direct suite names is sensitive to upstream changes in interop test repositories. If a developer renames a folder, the mapping breaks.

**The Solution: Uniform `lp-interop-` Identifiers**
To keep tracking stable in Sippy, we must map suite names to a uniform lp-interop- identifier. This is achieved using the `ExitTrap--PostProcessPrep `mechanism from the [RedHatQE/OpenShift-LP-QE--Tools](https://github.com/RedHatQE/OpenShift-LP-QE--Tools) library.

Author: https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/45/changes/6d0400c38bfbba5a1f075e7cebc07fa371c9d85c

- Test repository: [ocs-ci](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master)

Problems with this raw suite naming:

- `pytest` is too generic.
- Mapping tests by direct suite names is sensitive to source code changes in interop test repositories.

To keep tracking stable in `Sippy`, map suite names uniformly with an `lp-interop-` identifier (using markers/grouping appropriate for the test framework: pytest, Go, Ginkgo, and so on).

In this flow, use [RedHatQE/OpenShift-LP-QE--Tools](https://github.com/RedHatQE/OpenShift-LP-QE--Tools) and the `ExitTrap--PostProcessPrep` mechanism as an exit trap at the end of each test-step script.

Set the mapping value from `REPORTPORTAL_CMP`, export it into `LP_IO__ET_PPP__NEW_TS_NAME`, and keep `--%s` so the original suite name is preserved as a suffix.

> By the end of `ExitTrap--PostProcessPrep` execution:
>
> - All JUnit files are merged into a single combined file.
> - The merged file is copied into `SHARED_DIR` and picked up later by the data-router-reporter step.
> - The original results are compressed into `junit-original.tgz`.

> Example:

Reviewer: This section can be structured something like this::

**Implementation Steps**
1. **Export the Mapping Variable**: Set `LP_IO__ET_PPP__NEW_TS_NAME `using the value from `REPORTPORTAL_CMP`.

2. **Preserve Original Names**: Use the `--%s `suffix. The `%s` acts as a placeholder that automatically appends the original suite name to your new prefix.

3. **Execute the Exit Trap**: At the end of the script, the utility will:

- Merge all individual JUnit files into a single consolidated file.
- Copy the merged file to ${SHARED_DIR} for the data-router-reporter step.
- Archive original results into junit-original.tgz for debugging.

**Example Integration:**

Author: https://github.com/CSPI-QE/ocp-ci-docs/pull/45/commits/002ebd4e5bf4f7402025573528dbe5ec6937885d
